ParallelCoin pod

all-in-one-everything for ParallelCoin

The Plan 9 from Crypto Space hardfork is resuming development.

The hard fork includes the following new features:

New Proof of Work hash function - uses very large integer long division to avert the centralisation of hash power by using the slowest and most expensive integer mathematical operation already being most optimally implemented in CPUs - long division. GPU dividers are slower and no ASIC could do it faster.

9 way parallel prime based block intervals - The blocks come in randomly anyway so why not make the schedule semi-random? This block product scheduler (difficulty adjustment) runs 9 parallel block schedules using the new hash function where each different block has a different but regular block time with a different difficulty target and proportional block reward. This allows a broader scale dynamic between small and larger miners, who have different needs for payment regularity. The average block time is 18 seconds, which is sufficient for many retail operation types.

Multi-platform touch-friendly wallet GUI - A responsive and simple user interface for making and viewing transactions as well as an inbuilt block explorer, configuration and mining controls, available on Windows, Mac, Linux, Android and iOS.

Simple zero configuration multicast mining cluster control system - Using a simple pre-shared key it is easy to add nodes and mining worker machines to a cluster. Simple redundancy by the use of multicast one can just run one or more controller nodes and the workers just listen to whoever is also using the same key. A customised live linux USB will be available for both functions with an easy configuration file readable by windows for setting the password and payment addresses.

Future directions


Coinbase Rosetta Integration

A native integrated Coinbase Rosetta server implementation will allow easier integrations for exchanges and multi-chain wallets and other applications.

Finality

In order to connect Parallelcoin directly to the Cosmos “Internet of Blockchains” the Nakamoto consensus, first used in bitcoin, having probabalistic finality has to be augmented to enable its effective integration.
To do this in a practical way without blowing up the size of the data required to store the chain, for this the signature algorithm will be changed from secp256k1 to Schnorr signatures using curve25519, enabling very large numbers of cosigners in a multiple signature. The transaction format will be revised to account for this change.
With Schnorr multisigs each transaction can have a chain of signatures and the signature is stored with the transaction on the chain, via epidemic transmission the signature chains form and the longest one is recorded in the next subsequent block in a finality section in the transaction merkle tree, thus providing total finality in the next block.

Integration of mempool and chain database

When transactions are propagating with lots of cosigners finalising them the transaction data can be considered immediately current even before it gets into a block so the chain servers can return them as results in RPC queries.
With tight integration of mempool and chain data, and immediate finality the most cited disadvantage of proof of work as a means of distributing new tokens randomly and evenly is eliminated.

Increasing precision of token

Parallelcoin has a very small number of tokens in total, and as such the need to extend its precision will arise sooner than tokens with tens and millions more tokens. As such, the current 64 bit long fixed integer format for currency values will be extended to a variable length up to 128 bit long value, allowing plenty of room for more zeros.
It is common practise in business financial databases to use 128 bit precision, and with variable length encoding many numbers will still end up being only 64 bits long anyway.

Upgrading to a latency minimising network transport

Latency is a major structural limit on distributed systems as they differ from centralised systems by the greater number of hops that data will make between nodes, and latency delays stack up like cars in gridlock.
A currently in-development, latency minimising, bad-network-aware network transport will be used to replace all inter-node internet data transmission that strongly avoids retransmit latency and copes with transient changes in network paths more reliably than standard TCP/IP sessions.

Relay routing

In order to reduce the attack surface of the network, all transactions should be broadcast over a chain of proxies in the same manner as with Tor network, obscuring the physical origin of the transaction.
There has been more than a few instances already of robberies taking based on transaction origin and without going all the way into full privacy protection the quickly expiring value of location data is eliminated from the options of attackers intending to rob a user of the network.

Mimblewimble private transactions

Ultimately all transactions should be 100% private, and the best design for protecting the privacy of transactions currently available is the Mimblewimble protocol, which uses advanced cryptographic techniques to provide only provable confirmation without giving either the value or the sources of the transaction to potential attackers.
Mimblewimble is a complex addition to the protocol so obviously will be done quite a bit later than most of the other items in this list.

Integrated agorised secure forgery-resistant low latency message relay network

Ultimately entirely replacing the mempool in exchange for a complete secure, censorship resistant self healing peer to peer message exchange network system, with a means to charge for relay service without revealing the identity of the user requesting relay service.
With such a system in place it is simple to enable the negotiation of any kind of collaborative workspace for users, from instant messaging to shared creative environments from software repositories to org charts, to audio and video conferencing and anything that users of the network come up with.

Namespace

As part of the relay network there should be a market in namespaces to make human-friendly labels for resources on the network.
